PREVIOUSLY
ON "VERONICA MARS"...
SHE HAS ATTITUDE
WITH CERTAIN TEACHERS.
SHE FALLS ASLEEP IN CLASS.
I CAN'T SEE YOU ANYMORE.
Miss Dumass: ALL HERE?
ALL HERE.
THEY'RE ALL DEAD!
IT JUST WENT STRAIGHT OFF
THE CLIFF!
THE BUS CRASH --
IT WAS MEANT FOR ME.
IT'S A VOICE MAIL
FROM ONE OF THE STUDENTS
WHO DIED IN THE CRASH.
SHE CALLED
JUST AS THE BUS WENT OVER.
Hey, about next weekend --
[ Explosion, screaming ]
Oh, God!
[Tires squeal ]
[ Splash ]
THE BUS WAS SABOTAGED.
IF THAT SOUND
IS AN EXPLOSION,
NOT ONLY
WERE THOSE KIDS MURDERED,
BUT THE GUILTY PARTY
IS STILL AT LARGE.
GOOD MORNING, VERONICA.
THE SCHOOL COUNSELOR
WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU WERE SLEEPING IN CLASS.
MRS. TAFI' SAID SHE'S
REPRIMANDED YOU THREE TIMES
FOR WEARING HEADPHONES
WHILE SHE WAS TEACHING.
SHE'S READING
"THE GOLDEN BOWL" ALOUD
WITH A FAKE ENGLISH ACCENT.
YOU WERE CAUGHT RIPPING DOWN
ANOTHER STUDENT'S POSTER.
AM I BEING FOLLOWED?
THE STUDENT
WHO MADE THE POSTER
WOULD LIKE
TO HAVE HER PHOTOS BACK.
SOMETHING YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT?
YEAH, BUT JENNIFER LOVE HEWITT
MIGHT BE MORE QUALIFIED.
HOW'S THAT?
I'M BEING HAUNTED.
AND SHE'S
THE GHOST WHISPERER.
[ SNAPS FINGERS ]
THESE ARE THE JOKES.
HAUNTED?
YEAH, BY THE KIDS
WHO DIED IN THE BUS CRASH.
I TAKE IT
YOU DON'T SEE THEM?
NO, VERONICA, I DON'T.
GOOD. NEITHER DO I.
EXCEPT COME BEDTIME,
THE SECOND I CLOSE MY EYES,
THERE THEY ARE...
ACTING LIKE THEY'RE
DYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING.
WE HAVE CERVAN DO,
THE ACADEMICALLY INCLINED
P.C.H.er...
BETINA, DICK CASABLANCAS'
BOOTY BUDDY...
RHONDA --
ALL I KNOW ABOUT HER SO FAR
IS THAT SHE CALLED HER FRIEND
MICHELLE RIGHT BEFORE THE CRASH.
OH, MARCOS,
OF "AHOY, MATEYS!" FAME --
HE HAD A PIRATE RADIO SHOW.
I'VE BEEN LISTENING
TO IT NONSTOP,
HENCE THE HEADPHONES.
AND PETER, WHO GENEROUSLY
POSTED THE DETAILS
OF HIS UNREQUITED GAY LOVE
ON neptunepirateship.com.
SO NOW WE'RE LIKE THIS.
AND THEN THERE'S MEG.
ACTUALLY,
YOU MIGHT BE ABLE TO HELP.
UM...WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
A JANITOR NAMED LUCKY?
WHY?
MEG HAD A LOT
TO SAY ABOUT HIM.
THIS IS SO COOL.
Meg: YEAH,
IT'S JUST DREAMY.
I REALLY WANT
TO SPEND ETERNITY
LIKE A PLASTIC SCUBA DIVER
IN SOMEONE'S FISH TANK.
SO, MEG,
WHAT'S WITH THAT GUY, LUCKY?
YOUR PARENTS' FRIEND
FROM CHURCH?
CAN'T PICTURE THEM WANTING
TO SET YOU UP WITH SOMEONE.
THEY WEREN'T OUTWARDLY
SETTING US UP.
THEY JUST KEPT HAVING HIM OVER
FOR DINNER
SO HE COULD TALK ABOUT
HIS FOUR MONTHS IN IRAQ
AND HOW HE TOOK A SHRAPNEL
IN THE ASS FOR AMERICA.
HE'D QUOTE THE BIBLE.
THEY'D POINT OUT
HOW GREAT HE WAS.
FUN, FUN, FUN.
BUT YOU THOUGHT
HE WAS CREEPY.
HAVE YOU BEEN READING
MY E-MAILS?
MY SISTER GAVE
MY COMPUTER FILES TO DUNCAN,
NOT YOU.
THOSE ARE MY PERSONAL,
INTIMATE...
WAIT.
I FORGOT.
I'M DEAD.
IN VERONICA-LAND,
NO PULSE, NO PRIVACY.
I'M TRYING TO HELP.
LOOK, MY PARENTS
THINK LUCKY'S A SAINT
BECAUSE HE SINGS HYMNS
WITH HIS EYES CLOSED
AND HE HELPED MY DAD
MOVE AN AIR CONDITIONER.
HE'S JUST A JANITOR AT THE
HIGH SCHOOL HE GRADUATED FROM
WHO BUYS BEER
FOR GUYS LIKE LOGAN
TO HANG ON
TO HIS GLORY DAYS.
BUT YOU KNOW ALL THIS
FROM MY E-MAILS.
VERONICA,
WHEN DID THESE DREAMS START?
A FEW DAYS AGO.
MICHELLE THOMPSON SET UP
THIS BOOTH IN THE HALLWAY.
SHE'S TRYING TO RAISE MONEY
TO BUY A YEARBOOK SPREAD
FOR EVERY KID
WHO DIED IN THE BUS CRASH.
SHE'S THE ONE
YOU SHOULD BE TALKING TO.
SHE HAS THAT WIDE-EYED
"MARGOT KIDDER IN A BUSH" LOOK.
TOTAL NUTJOB.
I'VE ALREADY RAISED $200,
AND I'VE ONLY BEEN DOING IT
FOR A DAY.
YOU KNOW,
IF I RAISE ENOUGH,
I MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET
ONE OF THOSE AUDIO CHIPS,
LIKE THE KIND THAT PLAY
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
WHEN YOU OPEN THE CARD.
I KNOW IT'S A BIT MUCH,
BUT WOULDN'T IT BE GREAT
TO HEAR THEM LAUGHING
AND HAPPY?
WHAT DID MICHELLE MEAN ABOUT
HEARING EVERYBODY LAUGHING?
HER FRIEND RHONDA
LEFI' A MESSAGE FOR HER
RIGHT AS SHE WAS GOING OFF
THE CLIFF.
I KNEW ABOUT THAT ONE.
THAT ONE?
TURNS OUT, RHONDA
CALLED MICHELLE'S HOME FIRST,
LEFI' A MESSAGE THERE, TOO.
WHEN MICHELLE
TOLD ME ABOUT IT,
SHE SAID SHE COULD HEAR ALL
THE KIDS LAUGHING ON THE BUS.
SO I ASKED
IF I COULD HEAR IT.
[ Rhonda chuckles ]
I seriously cannot believe
you're missing this.
[ Laughs ]
I know you can hear.
_ Dick: _
Betlna. Hey, Betlna!
You ready for a little...
* bow, chicka, wow, wow? *
Rhonda:
You need to call me.
DID YOU HEAR
YOUR FRIEND MEG?
NO, BUT I HEARD SOMEONE
I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
I GUESS IT IS UPSE'I'I'ING.
MORE DISTURBING.
HE WASN'T ON THE BUS.
YOU HEARD
DICK CASABLANCAS' VOICE.
YEP.
EVEN THOUGH THERE'S NO WAY
HE COULD HAVE BEEN ON THE BUS
AT THE TIME.
FREAKY, HUH?
DID YOU TELL
YOUR DAD ABOUT THIS?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK.
Rhonda: MICHELLE,
WHY AREN'T YOU PICKING UP?
YOU BIG LOSER.
RHONDA?
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU BAILED
ON THE FIELD TRIP
WITHOUT TELLING ME.
ABOUT NEXT WEEKEND...
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ SCREAMING, SPLASHING ]
[ GASPING ]
I'M FINE.
IT WAS JUST A BAD DREAM.
DID YOU WATCH
"HOUSE OF WAX" AGAIN?
YOU KNOW THAT HILTON GIRL
GIVES YOU NIGHTMARES.
PETER FERRER...
RHONDA...
THESE ARE THE KIDS
WHO DIED ON THE BUS.
MAYBE THIS ISN'T
THE BEST BEDTIME READING.
BETINA PLAYED THESE
PHONE MESSAGES FROM DICK
FOR EVERYONE ON THE BUS.
THIS WAS IN THE CD PLAYER.
AND HOW DID IT
GET HERE?
I WILLED IT?
YOU SNUCK ONTO THE BUS?
YEAH, LIKE YOU DIDN'T?
VERONICA.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THE DRAWING?
I DIDN'T SEE A DRAWING.
I WAS ON THE BUS FOR A MINUTE
BEFORE SECURITY CAME IN.
IT WAS DRAWN ON THE BACK
OF ONE OF THE BUS SEATS.
[ SIGHS ]
"I AM GOD."
"BECAUSE I HAVE THE POWER
"TO PUT MYSELF
AND MY CLASSMATES
IN INDIVIDUAL COFFINS."
YOU THINK THE PERSON
WHO DREW THIS
IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE CRASH?
I THINK IT'S POSSIBLE.
THE BUS WAS BRAND-NEW.
THERE WAS
NO OTHER GRAFFITI.
WHY NINE TOMBSTONES?
EIGHT PEOPLE
WERE KILLED IN THE CRASH.
I GUESS THE ARTIST
WASN'T EXPECTING ME
TO GET OFF THE BUS.
CAN I SEE THE ARTWORK?
OH, MY.
ONE OF THE KIDS WHO DIED
ON THE BUS DREW THAT.
I NEED TO FIND OUT WHO.
* A LONG TIME AGO,
WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
* BUT I HAVEN'T THOUGHT OF YOU
LATELY AT ALL *
* COME ON, NOW, SUGAR *
* BRING IT ON, BRING IT ON,
YEAH *
* JUST REMEMBER ME WHEN *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS
A LONG TIME AGO *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
YEP, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT COMPELLED ME TO DO THAT.
IS IT BECAUSE YOU'RE 5?
I'M A LITTLE PUNCHY.
I HAVEN'T BEEN SLEEPING.
THOUGHTS OF ME?
HEY, I GET IT.
SOMETIMES I'M UP ALL NIGHT,
JUST THINKING ABOUT MYSELF.
DO YOU KNOW A GUY
NAMED LUCKY?
HE'S ONE
OF THE NIGHT JANITORS HERE.
TOMMY DOMINICK?
YEAH.
WHY LUCKY?
WELL, HE GRADUATES,
AND HIS PARENTS
FILE CHAPTER 11.
HE HAS TO DROP OUT
OF COLLEGE.
HE SIGNS UP
FOR ARMY RANGERS.
HE GETS SENT TO IRAQ.
AND FOUR MONTHS IN,
HE GETS SHOT.
AND THAT MAKES HIM LUCKY?
HEY, THEY SHOT HIM
IN THE BUTI'.
IT COULD BE WORSE.
YOU MET HIM, TOO,
YOU KNOW.
REMEMBER?
* HELP *
* I HAVE DONE IT AGAIN *
* I HAVE BEEN HERE
MANY TIMES BEFORE *
HEY, LOGAN.
IS THERE A POINT
TO THIS STORY?
WILL YOU LET ME FINISH?
SHEESH.
* OUCH *
* I HAVE LOST MYSELF AGAIN *
OH, GOOD.
WE HAVE AN AUDIENCE.
OKAY, LOVER BOY, THAT'S ENOUGH
FACE-SUCKING FOR NOW.
WE HAVE THINGS TO DO.
YOU'RE ON A TIGHT SCHEDULE
OF SMOKING POT
AND PLAYING "HALO."
I CAN'T WAIT TO GRADUATE.
COME ON, MAN.
WE'RE DONE SCREWING AROUND.
THE BALL'S IN OUR COURT.
SOMEONE'S GOT TO PAY.
BUT AFTER
WE MAKE SOMEONE PAY,
WE'RE GONNA GET HIGH
AND PLAY "HALO," RIGHT?
GET IT TOGETHER, DICK.
90 SECONDS.
WRAP THIS UP.
I'LL BE THERE
WHEN I'M THERE.
* HOLD ME *
HI.
REMIND ME --
WHY DID WE BREAK UP?
YOU THOUGHT THE OTHER GUY
HAD GREENER GRASS.
OR WAS IT SOMETHING
ABOUT ME BEING TOO MUCH MAN?
NO, WAIT.
IT WAS YOU.
YOU WERE TOO MUCH MAN.
[ WHISTLES ]
HEY!
AS I WAS SAYING,
EACH TEAM WILL DESIGN A DEVICE
TO PROTECT AN EGG
DROPPED FROM INCREASING HEIGHTS.
THE PAIR WHOSE EGG
SURVIVES THE HIGHEST DROP
WILL EARN AN "A."
PLUS THE TEAM WILL BE EXCUSED
FROM MR. WU'S
NOTORIOUS, GPA-KILLIN'...
...FINAL EXAM.
MR. WU MUST REALLY LIKE
HIS EGG-DROP SOUP.
UH, DOES THIS ASSIGNMENT
COME WITH POT STICKER?
STUDENTS!
THIS EXPERIMENT
IS A MAJOR TEST GRADE.
FOR SOME OF YOU,
IT MEANS PASSING THIS CLASS
OR NOT.
DUDE,
IS MR. WU HITTING ON ME?
OKAY, PEOPLE,
THAT DOES IT.
I'M ASSIGNING YOUR PARTNERS
ALPHABETICALLY.
DICK, IT'S BAD IDEA
FOR YOU AND MR. ECHOLLS
TO BE WORKING TOGETHER.
SO BAD IT'S GOOD?
NO.
GOD, I DON'T KNOW
HOW I'M GONNA QUIT YOU.
Shh!
IT'S NOT ME.
IT'S WU.
DICK CASABLANCAS,
YOUR NEW PARTNER'S ANGIE DAHL.
SCORE!
LOGAN ECHOLLS,
YOU'LL JOIN WALLACE FENNELL.
GENTLEMAN DICK
AT YOUR SERVICE.
FOOT MASSAGE?
COCONUT-OIL RU BDOWN?
JUST STAY OUT OF MY WAY.
I NEED TO BE EXCUSED
FROM THE FINAL EXAM.
GONNA GET ALL SUPERACHIEVER
ON ME, ARE YOU?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO AVOID FLUNKING.
HEARST WILL YANK
MY SCHOLARSHIP.
EXCELLENT.
THE BAR IS SO LOW,
WE CAN STEP OVER IT.
[ SIGHS ]
JUST BECAUSE YOU WIGGLE
YOUR FINGER
DOESN'T MEAN DICK'S
GONNA COME.
VERONICA MINX,
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
OH, YOU KNOW,
THIS, THAT, THE OTHER.
Dick:
You ready for a little...
* bow, chicka, wow, wow? *
Beﬁna!
Pick up, pick up, pick up,
you little frickin' hottie.
TELL ME ABOUT YOU
AND BETINA.
WHO?
UH, WAIT.
WHAT?
EVERYBODY HAS
THEIR SECRET SHAME, "V."
YOU GET TANKED
AT THE WRONG PARTY,
STUMBLE A COUPLE RUNGS
DOWN THE FOOD CHAIN.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
YOU DATED THAT COP.
PATIENCE DWINDLING.
SOMETIMES YOU DON'T NEED
THE PRETTIEST HORSE,
JUST ONE THAT LETS YOU
RIDE BAREBACK.
EVER THINK MAYBE
THAT WAS A LITTLE,
I DON'T KNOW, DANGEROUS?
WHAT AM I, STUPID?
SHE WAS ON THE PILL.
I DON'T WHY YOU'RE IN A BUNCH.
I DON'T HEAR HER
COMPLAINING.
YOU KNOW SHE'S DEAD,
RIGHT?
AND SHE DID COMPLAIN.
SHE PLAYED YOUR MESSAGES
FOR THE WHOLE BUS
ON THE WAY HOME
FROM SHARK FIELD.
THAT'S NOT
A SATISFIED CUSTOMER, DICK,
THAT'S A WOMAN SCORN ED.
WELL, SHE HAD NOTHING
TO BE SCORNED ABOUT.
I EVEN GAVE HER
A LITTLE GIFT THAT DAY --
A SHARKS
PREMIUM TICKET PACKAGE,
MY SHARKS
MEMORABILIA GIFT BAG.
THE TICKETS THEY RAFFLED OFF?
YOU DIDN'T WIN THE TICKETS.
I SAW THAT GAY KID WHO WON THEM
TOSS THEM IN THE TRASH,
AND I THOUGHT BETINA
MIGHT LIKE THEM.
OR SHE COULD SELL THEM
FOR GROCERY MONEY OR WHATEVER.
PISSED-OFF, WHITE-TRASH
BOOTY BUDDY, FREE TICKETS.
IT'S A NO-BRAINER.
DAD?
MAUREEN?
HI.
I'M VERONICA.
I'M HELPING MICHELLE
WITH THE YEARBOOK TRIBUTE.
I ALREADY GAVE HER ALL
THE GOOD PICTURES OF BETINA.
WE WERE JUST WONDERING
IF YOU HAD ANY POEMS
OR ARTWORK,
SOMETHING OF BETINA'S
THAT WAS MORE PERSONAL?
NOTHING SHE'D WANT
IN THE YEARBOOK.
IS THERE SOMEONE ELSE
I SHOULD ASK,
ANOTHER FRIEND,
A BOYFRIEND?
SHE DIDN'T HAVE
A BOYFRIEND.
OH.
I THOUGHT I SAW HER
AT A PARTY ONCE
WITH DICK CASABLANCAS.
DICK CASABLANCAS
IS THE BASTARD CHILD OF SATAN.
WELL,
THAT WOULD EXPLAIN A LOT.
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU HEARD,
BUT HE WAS HORRIBLE
TO BETINA.
HE TREATED HER
LIKE A FREE HOOKER.
I KNOW, SHE LET HIM.
BUT IT'S MY FRIENDIAL
OBLIGATION
TO BLAME IT ALL ON HIM.
I KNOW DICK.
BLAME HIM.
BETINA JUST LOST HER MIND
OVER HIM.
THE WORSE HE TREATED HER,
THE MORE SHE LAPPED UP
AFTER HIM.
HE WAS HER IDEAL GUY --
RICH AND COMPLETELY
INDIFFERENT TO HER.
[ CHUCKLES ] THE JOKE
SO WOULD HAVE BEEN ON HIM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
ALL HE WANTED
WAS TO MESS AROUND WITH HER
AND HAVE NO ONE KNOW.
AND ALL SHE WANTED
WAS FOR HIM TO KNOCK HER UP
SO SHE COULD SHOUT IT
FROM THE ROOFTOPS.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYS ]
WHAT'S WITH THE T-SHIRTS?
YOU NEED HELP KEEPING US
STRAIGHT IN YOUR HEAD?
STRAIGHT?
"QUEER EYE
FOR THE DEAD GUY"
HAS PETEY WEARING
A RHINESTONE FRICKING RAINBOW!
SERIOUSLY,
EVER HEARD OF BUTCH?
I HAVE IMPORTANT
INFORMATION.
DON'T WE ALL?
IT'S TIME FOR THE BUS
TO CRASH.
Marcos:
...Imitation Crab.
The winner
of this week's
"Cock Of The Walk"
countdown...
Vincent: Don't leave them
hanging, Captain.
...is Logan Echolls.
That's 40 weeks running.
"Rosemary's Baby --
The Teen Years."
HERE WE GO.
AT FOUR FEET,
IT SURVIVES, WE PASS.
HERE GOES NOTHING.
MAZEL TOV.
TWO PASSING GRADES,
OVER EASY.
I GUESS OUR WORK HERE
IS THROUGH.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
AH.
MY BUFFALO BURGER
HAS ARRIVED.
MUST BE NICE.
NOT FOR THE BUFFALO.
YOU DON'T LIKE ME MUCH,
DO YOU?
THE LAST TIME
WE ACTUALLY TALKED,
YOU WERE BASHING VERONICA'S
HEADLIGHTS WITH A CROWBAR.
OH, FOREPLAY.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
WALLACE,
HAVE YOU MET MY FLUFFER?
DID I SEE YOU
AT SCHOOL TODAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
WERE YOU HALLUCINATING?
YOU WERE DRESSED
IN THAT EXACT SNAZZY OUTFIT,
WHICH, IF I'M NOT MISTAKEN,
IS YOUR DATING UNIFORM.
IS THERE SOME
MISS JAMES REKINDLING
I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT?
YOU'VE GOT MAIL
FROM STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
IT'S A LITTLE ANOREXIC
FOR AN ACCEPTANCE LETTER.
GOOD NEWS OR BAD,
YOU KNOW I'M PROUD OF YOU.
"DEAR MS. MARS,
IT IS WITH GREAT PLEASURE
"THAT THE ADMISSIONS BOARD
AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY
WELCOMES YOU
TO OUR INSTITUTION."
AAH!
YOU DID IT, BABY.
AHH.
Clemmons: VERONICA, ANGIE,
THANK YOU FOR COMING IN.
IT TURNS OUT
THERE'S BEEN AN ERROR
IN THE CALCULATIONS
REGARDING THE CLASS RANKINGS.
IT SEEMS TO ONLY AFFECT
THE TWO OF YOU,
WHO REMAIN IN THE RUNNING
FOR THE KANE SCHOLARSHIP.
AN ERROR?
WHAT --
WHAT KIND OF ERROR?
ANGIE WAS AWARDED AN "A"
FOR THE SUMMER-AT-SEA ELECT IVE
SHE TOOK.
IT WAS A COLLEGE-LEVEL COURSE.
SO RATHER THAN A 4-POINT "A,"
ANGIE SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARDED
A 5-POINT "A."
THE ADJUSTED GRADES
HAVE PUSHED ANGIE AHEAD OF YOU.
YOU COULD HAVE TAKEN
THE CLASS.
IT WAS OPEN TO ANYONE.
YEAH?
HOW MUCH DID
THAT SEMESTER-AT-SEA CLASS
SET YOU BACK?
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
VERONICA,
I KNOW ANGIE DAHL.
I DON'T THINK SHE'S THE WITCH
YOU'RE PAINTING HER AS.
SHE'S A DEMON SPAWN.
STORY OF MY LIFE.
I GET FIVE MINUTES OF THINKING
MY DREAMS MAY COME TRUE,
AND THEN SOME RICH KID
SLAPS REALITY BACK INTO ME.
SO, HOW WAS LAST NIGHT?
ANY BAD DREAMS?
IF I SAY NO,
DO I HAVE TO
KEEP COMING BACK HERE?
I'M STILL NONSTOP
"NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET."
AND I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE
TO FIGURE OUT
WHO DREW THE PICTURE.
THERE IS ONE SILVER LINING.
MY DAD SEEMS HAPPY.
WELL, THAT'S WONDERFUL,
VERONICA.
I'M VERY HAPPY FOR HIM.
I'M GLAD YOU
ARE IN TOUCH AGAIN.
UH, WE'RE NOT.
THERE'S NOTHING ABOUT YOU
THAT SAYS SECOND PLACE.
NOTHING BUT MY GPA.
ANGIE DAHL'S PARENTS
CONVINCED THE SCHOOL BOARD
THAT THE GRADES
SHE PURCHASED
SHOULD BE WORTH MORE
THAN THE ONES I EARNED.
OH, YOU NEED
TO SHAKE THIS OFF.
JUST WORK THROUGH IT.
THE LOWEST POINT OF THE EBB
IS THE TURN OF THE TIDE.
DON'T QUOTE. [ YAWNS ]
SORRY.
I'M HAVING A MEXICAN STANDOFF
WITH THE SANDMAN.
HE'S WINNING.
WHEN I DIE,
I WANT YOU TO RAISE MONEY
FOR MY SPREAD IN VIBE.
OH, DIDN'T I E-MAIL YOU?
YOU'RE NEVER ALLOWED
TO DIE.
LOOK AT THAT.
THE MOST INNOCENT-LOOKING
PICTURE
IS THE GIRL
WHO WAS HELL ON WHEELS.
RHONDA
AND HER SISTER NATALIE
WERE IN CLEMMONS' OFFICE
ALL THE TIME,
ALWAYS IN TROUBLE
FOR HUFFING PAINT,
STEALING, FIGHTING.
ANYTHING TO REINFORCE
THE PWT STEREOTYPE.
THERE'S A "PRETTY YOUNG THING"
STEREOTYPE?
DO I FIT IT?
PWT --
POOR WHITE TRASH.
OH, THEM.
SO, CAN YOU POINT RHONDA'S
SISTER OUT TO ME AFTER SCHOOL?
WHAT ELSE AM I GONNA DO?
"FIRST NAME BASIS"
IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN
"IT'S JUST COFFEE."
BELIEVE ME. I'VE TRIED
ALL THE SERVICES.
I LIKE THAT I DON'T
HAVE TO SEND OUT A PICTURE.
I LIKE NOT GIVING OUT
MY REAL NAME.
I MEAN,
I SURE WASN'T DISAPPOINTED
WHEN I SAW YOU WANDER UP.
YOU WEREN'T DISAPPOINTED
WHEN YOU SAW ME, WERE YOU?
I WASN'T.
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
IN FACT,
I THOUGHT I SAW A SMILE.
AM I RIGHT?
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
ANGIE?
YOUR MOTHER
HAS SENT YOU SOMETHING.
APPARENTLY IT'S MORE IMPORTANT
THAN MY CLASS.
LOGAN,
YOU AND WALLACE ARE UP.
I COULD RUB YOUR HEAD
FOR LUCK.
YOU COULD TRY.
[ WHISTLES ]
[ WHIRRING ]
[ WHISTLING ]
Boy: YEAH!
OW!
[ SCREAMS ]
I'M IN.
I GOT INTO STANFORD.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ALL RIGHT!
YOU CAN BE ROOMIES
WITH VERONICA MARS.
THERE'S A PILLOW FIGHT
I'D LIKE TO SEE.
VERONICA MARS
GOT INTO STAN FORD?
YEAH, VERONICA MARS.
STAN FORD.
WELL, I GUESS SOMEBODY
HAS TO DO THE FOOTBALL TEAM.
Mr. Wu:
ECHOLLS/FENNELL,
YOU'VE GOT WHAT ALL
CRUISING SENIORS DESIRE --
A PASSING GRADE.
IF YOU'D LIKE
TO AIM HIGHER TOMORROW,
I WON'T HOLD MY BREATH.
I HEARD IN DORMS
ALL THE GIRLS SHOWER TOGETHER.
MAYBE YOU AND RONNIE
CAN SOAP EACH OTHER'S BACKS.
MR. WU?
I WANT ANOTHER PARTNER.
DICK IS BEING INAPPROPRIATE
AND DIDN'T HELP
WITH OUR PROJECT.
DICK?
DUDE, I TOTALLY HELPED.
CAN YOU PICK UP YOUR PROJECT,
BRING IT TO ME?
I'LL SEE YOU
IN SUMMER SCHOOL, DICK.
WHAT?
BELIEVE ME,
I'M NO HAPPIER THAN YOU.
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
HEY,
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'VE SINGLE-HANDEDLY FULFILLED
THE STANFORD BITCH QUOTA.
ENJOY TRADE SCHOOL,
LOGAN.
IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'M GONNA KEEP WORKING ON
THE PROJECT.
COME BY LATER.
I'M IN.
WHAT'S TIME TO A HOG?
* ALL RIGHT *
I THINK
THAT'S RHONDA'S SISTER.
NATALIE.
* WE'RE GETTING FUNNY... *
ARE YOU SURE THERE'S A "P"
BEFORE THAT "WT"?
THAT'S DEFINITELY HER.
SHE'S DRIVING A 'VETTE NOW.
LAST YEAR SHE OFFERED
TO MAKE OUT WITH ME
FOR CIGARETTE MONEY.
HEY, IS THIS YOUR CAR?
NO, IT'S MY ROLLER SKATE.
THIS IS SO COOL.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT MOVING UP
TO A SWEETER RIDE MYSELF.
HOW DOES SHE HANDLE?
BETTER THAN THE BUS.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
* I CAN'T WAIT
TO FEEL YOUR LOVE TONIGHT *
*OOH*
YOWZA.
YOU CAN TAKE THE GIRL
OUT OF THE TRASH,
BUT YOU CAN'T TAKE THE TRASH
OUT OF THE GIRL.
OH, THE TIME AND EFFORT
SHE SAVED ME.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
WHY AREN'T YOU
LEARNING SOMETHING?
AND A GOOD DAY
TO YOU, TOO, SIR.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT
SOME GREAT ADVICE YOU GAVE ME.
LOOK BOTH WAYS?
DON'T STICK THAT
IN YOUR NOSE?
FOLLOW THE MONEY.
COULD YOU RUN
THE FINANCIAL RECORDS
OF THE FAMILIES WITH KIDS
WHO DIED IN THE CRASH?
WILL DO.
GOT TO GO.
IMPORTANT MEETING.
YOU KNOW
WHO YOU REMIND ME OF?
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT GUY ON "SEINFELD,"
GEORGE.
OH, HOW SO?
WELL, HE'S A NICE GUY,
LIKE YOU.
BUT THERE'S SO MUCH
UNREALIZED POTENTIAL.
A GUY WHO REALLY WANTS
TO MEET WOMEN GOES FOR IT.
HE DRESSES TO IMPRESS,
A LITTLE COLOGNE,
A GYM MEMBERSHIP.
YOU --
SHOULD MAKE MORE
OF AN EFFORT?
MY EX-HUSBAND
WENT FOR A HAIR TRANSPLANT.
HE LOOKED FANTASTIC
AFTERWARDS.
COLOGNE, NEW SUIT, HAIR.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
WRITE THIS STUFF DOWN.
WE MAGNIFY THE DRAG,
DECREASE THE VELOCITY,
MINIMIZE THE FORCE,
AND DECELERATE --
DECELERATE YOURSELF.
[ SIGHS ]
FOUR IS OFFICIALLY
YOUR ESPRESSO LIMIT.
SO, I KNOW WHY I'M TRYING
TO HELP OUT VERONICA.
I WANT HER
TO GET TO GO TO STANFORD.
WHY ARE YOU DOING IT?
I DON'T KNOW,
NOT FOR VERONICA.
THEN WHAT?
THE SPIRIT OF COMPETITION.
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU CHILL
WHILE THE GLUE DRIES?
I GOT TO SEE A MAN
ABOUT A HORSE.
[ EXPLOSION ]
...LOOK AT THE HURDLES GM
IS TRYING TO...
Man: TONIGHT,
"THE TINSELTOWN DIARIES"
EXAMINES THE RISE AND FALL
OF ONE OF HOLLYWOOD'S
BRIGHTEST STARS.
HUSBAND...
FATHER...
ADULTERER. ..
CRADLE-ROBBER...
MURDERER.
WHO IS THE REAL AARON ECHOLLS?
WIFE LYNN'S CAR WAS FOUND
STRANDED
ON THE CORONADO BRIDGE,
WHERE SHE IS ASSUMED
TO HAVE LEAPT TO HER DEATH.
BUT IT WAS HIS SON'S
MURDERED GIRLFRIEND
WHO WOULD ACTUALLY COME BACK
TO HAUNT AARON.
RUMORS OF ECHOLLS SOMETIMES...
THEY RERUN IT
TWICE A DAY.
I HEAR IT'S
A TOP-RATED EPISODE.
SON LOGAN'S ROCKY RELATIONSHIP
WITH THE MEDIA AND THE LAW
BEGAN LAST YEAR
WHEN HE ORGANIZED
AND VIDEOTAPED A SERIES OF...
GOT SOMETHING FOR ME?
THE LOVE IN MY HEART,
CHILI ON THE STOVE,
OH, AND I RAN
THOSE FINANCIAL RECORDS.
I'M A GREAT FATHER.
MM-HMM.
NONE OF THE FAMILIES
OF THE CRASH VICTIMS
MADE MONEY ON INSURANCE.
THEY BASICALLY GOT ENOUGH
JUST TO PAY FOR THE FUNERALS.
HOWEVER, RHONDA'S FAMILY
WON A SEPARATE LAWSUIT
WITH A $2 MILLION PAYOUT.
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS
WHO FROM.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I WON'T.
WOODY GOODMAN.
WOODY'S BURGERS
PAID RHONDA'S FAMILY
A SECRET $2 MILLION PAYOUT.
APPARENTLY HER MOM
FOUND A FINGER IN HER RIBWICH.
Veronica: SOMETIMES OPPORTUNITY
DOESN'T KNOCK.
IT WAITS FOR EVERYONE
TO GO TO LUNCH
AND SNEAKS IN USING A KEY.
IT'S A LONG SHOT
THAT MY DEAD CLASSMATES
WILL HAVE SOMETHING HELPFUL
IN THEIR PERMANENT FILES,
LIKE BEING SUSPENDED
FOR DRAWING ON SCHOOL PROPERTY.
[ KEYS JANGLING ]
WET/2:??? ﬁgﬁﬂ
79,330;T:;*v‘€3f,;v‘;—:}:%?1:-2} gays} 3%:35} 5;
mwéﬁéﬁzigﬁiqﬁ
IT'S ONE OF MY BAD HABITS.
AND VERONICA WON'T LET ME
BUY NICE SUNGLASSES ANYMORE
BECAUSE I'LL LOSE THEM
WITHIN THE WEEK.
Clemmons: MAKING ANY HEADWAY
IN THE CASE?
SLOWLY.
WE'VE HAD THREE MORE CASES
DIAGNOSED JUST THIS WEEK
OF GENERALIZED
ANXIETY DISORDER.
YOU'D THINK
IT WAS CONTAGIOUS.
AND ALL THESE STUDENTS
ARE SECTION 1123 NOW,
ALL OF THEM COMING FROM
THE SAME DOCTOR?
YEP. MY FACULTY
IS ABOUT TO REVOLT.
THEY'RE SUPPOSED
TO OFFER THESE STUDENTS
DEADLINE EXTENSIONS,
MAKEUP DATES ON EXAMS,
AND UNLIMITED TIME ON TESTS,
ALL AT TH ESE STUDENTS'
OWN DISCRETION.
I HOPE TO HAVE SOMETHING
YOU CAN USE VERY SOON.
MY COAT?
RIGHT.
IT'S IN THE CLOSET.
YEP.
THAT'S MINE, ALL RIGHT.
I WAS ONE
OF THOSE PEOPLE SAYING,
"KEITH MARS
SHOULD BE RUN OUT OF TOWN,"
GOING AFTER THAT SWEET
JAKE KANE,
MAKING OUR NICE LITTLE TOWN
LOOK LIKE BOZOVILLE.
AND THEN WHEN I FOUND OUT
WHAT REALLY HAPPENED,
I WAS SO EMBARRASSED.
I CONFESS I NEVER VOTE
IN THE LOCAL ELECTIONS,
BUT I WENT OUT THIS YEAR
JUST SO I COULD VOTE FOR YOU.
I TOTALLY CARRIED
THE PITY VOTE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME.
TELL ME ABOUT YOU.
OH, IT'S DULL.
TRUST ME.
I'M THE OFFICE MANAGER
FOR A LOCAL DOCTOR.
REALLY?
I'D LOVE
TO HEAR ABOUT IT.
PETER, AS I HAVE LEARNED
FROM HIS POSTINGS,
HAD IN HIS WORDS "YELLOW FEVER"
AND WAS EXTREMELY HOT
FOR A CERTAIN TEACHER.
THERE WAS ONE INCIDENT
IN PETER'S PERMANENT FILE.
IT DIDN'T SAY WHAT HAPPENED,
ONLY THAT IT INVOLVED MR. WU.
CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER
IF TEACHER
DECIDED TO TAKE A PET.
HELLO, VERONICA.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO DONATE
TO THE YEARBOOK TRIBUTE
FOR THE KIDS ON THE BUS?
OF COURSE.
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO.
I FIGURED.
PETER WAS A FRIEND OF MINE.
I KNOW YOU TWO
HAD A CONNECTION.
I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
YOU MUST MISS HIM.
DO YOU MISS HIM?
AS A BRIGHT
AND DEDICATED STUDENT, YES.
IN THE WAY I THINK
YOU'RE IMPLYING, NO.
PETER WAS GEARING UP
FOR WHAT HE CALLED
THE "OUTING OF ALL OUTINGS."
I WAS WONDERING IF HE WAS
PULLING HIS FAVORITE TEACHER
OUT OF THE CLOSET.
[ SIGHS ]
VERONICA, I THINK WHEN YOU
GET OUT IN THE WORLD MORE,
YOU'LL DISCOVER
THAT NOT ALL WELL-DRESSED,
ARTICULATE,
DETAIL-ORIENTED MEN ARE GAY.
MANY OF THEM
ARE JUST ASIAN.
SO, YOU KNEW PETER
HAD FEELINGS FOR YOU?
YES, I DID.
HE CONFESSED THESE FEELINGS
TO ME ON THE UNFORTUNATE NIGHT
WE RAN INTO EACH OTHER
AT POSSIBILITIES.
WHY WERE YOU AT
A GAY BAR?
NOT THAT I NEED TO EXPLAIN
MYSELF TO YOU, VERONICA,
BUT IT WAS A COUSIN'S
BIRTHDAY PARTY.
I WAS BEING SUPPORTIVE.
I EXPLAINED THE SITUATION
TO MR. CLEMMONS.
I BELIEVE
HE HAS IT ALL ON FILE.
SORRY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
DID PETER HAVE ANY HOBBIES
LIKE DRAWING OR PAINTING?
I THOUGHT
HE WAS YOUR FRIEND.
* ONE MORE TIME,
WE'RE GONNA CELEBRATE *
SO, DO YOU BELIEVE HIM?
MR. WUUU!
YES.
AND I HATE
TO DISAPPOINT YOU,
BUT EVEN IF HE WERE GAY,
I DON'T THINK
IT WOULD QUALIFY
AS THE "OUTING
OF ALL OUTINGS."
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU THINK YOU KNOW ME
BECAUSE YOU READ MY POSTINGS?
EVERY LINE OF YOUR POSTINGS
LIKE 80 TIMES.
I KNOW YOU LIKE
THE BACK OF MY --
* ONE MORE TIME *
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
YOU'RE ASKING
THE WRONG QUESTION.
ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE A BETTER QUESTION
IS WHY WAS I EVEN ON THE BUS?
WHY WOULD I
EVEN BE INTERESTED
IN GOING TO
A BASEBALL STADIUM?
HUH?
MULL THAT ONE OVER
FOR A WHILE, OKAY?
* ONE MORE TIME,
WE'RE GONNA CELEBRATE *
* OH, YEAH, ALL RIGHT *
* DON'T STOP THE DANCING *
ONE P.C.H.er DIED ON
THE BUS CRASH, CERVANDO LUNA.
HIS GRADE-POINT AVERAGE -- 3.8
AVERAGE TRIPS TO THE
PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE PER WEEK --
3.2, INCLUDING A VISIT
DURING SUMMER SCHOOL
FOR PUSHING CASSIDY CASABLANCAS
AGAINST A WALL
AND THREATENING HIM.
BUSY BEAVER,
ALWAYS WORKING.
WHAT'S UP, VERONICA?
DURING SUMMER SCHOOL,
YOU HAD A RUN-IN
WITH A KID NAMED CERVANDO?
HE RAN ME INTO A WALL,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
I'D DUNK THE EIGHT BALL
A COUPLE OF TIMES,
JACK UP MY FINGERS LIKE I
DON'T KNOW HOW TO HOLD THE CUE.
I SEE LIAM
ALL WINKING AT HIS COUSIN,
THINKING HE'S GOT ONE.
EVERY TIME I MADE A SHOT,
I'D BE ALL EXCITED,
THEN ACT ALL SCARED LIKE I WAS
WORRIED THAT HE'D DO SOMETHING.
CHECK THIS OUT.
COURTESY OF LIAM FITZPATRICK
BEING A SUCKER --
$200 JEANS.
LOOK AT THESE THINGS.
I'M NEVER TAKING THEM OFF.
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM.
YO, MAN, YOU CRAZY?
CERVANDO, YOU KNOW,
HE'S A PRETTY COOL GUY
FOR A P.C.H.er.
BUT THE NEXT DAY,
THAT DUDE,
HE WAS SERIOUSLY ON
THE WARPATH.
DICK'S SQUIRT GUN
WAS LOADED WITH BLEACH.
YOU OWE ME A PAIR
OF JEANS.
W-WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
SIZE, STYLE, COLOR.
BUT I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
IT WAS DICK.
WELL, I'M NOT TELLING HIM.
I'M TELLING YOU.
GENTLEM EN,
THAT'S QUITE ENOUGH.
CERVANDO, COME WITH ME.
DICK WAS TOO BIG FOR HIM.
HE FIGURED
HE'D SETTLE THE SCORE
WITH HIS LITTLE BROTHER.
STORY OF MY LIFE.
Clemmons: WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S A TAPE OF DR. BURNS'
OFFICE MANAGER
OFFERING TO HOOK VERONICA UP
WITH A DIAGNOSIS
OF GENERALIZED
ANXIETY DISORDER
FOR A $1,000
CONSULTATION FEE.
HOW DID YOU GET THIS?
PAINFULLY.
YOU GOT TO KISS
A LOT OF TOADS
BEFORE YOU FIND
YOUR MEDICAL OFFICE MANAGER.
OKAY, FOLKS,
ANGIE DAHL IS OUR ONLY STUDENT
TO SURVIVE THE 12-FOOT DROP.
[ SCATTERED APPLAUSE ]
MR. FENNELL, MR. ECHOLLS,
YOU'RE OUR LAST REMAINING TEAM
STILL IN THE RUNNING
FOR AN EXEMPTION
FROM MR. WU'S NOTORIOUS,
GPA-KILLING FINAL EXAM,
AS WELL
AS THE ACCOMPANYING HARDWARE.
YEAH !
DO IT! YEAH!
DO IT!
SCRAM BLE.
THAT'S AWESOME ABOUT
THE EGG DROP.
YOU READY FOR MISS MURPHY'S
"CRIME AND PUNISHMENT" EXAM?
NOPE. I WAS UP ALL NIGHT
WORKING ON MY EGG THING.
I'M REQUESTING
AN EXTENSION
BECAUSE OF MY GENERALIZED
ANXIETY DISORDER.
Marcos:
Ahoy, mateys!
540 on your A.M. dial.
Listen...
OH, AM I STILL
KEEPING YOU UP AT NIGHT?
YOU LOOK LIKE
STEVE BUSCEMI.
YOU...ARE SUCH...
A CATCH.
HOW HAS HANNAH
BEEN ABLE TO KEEP AWAY?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD CUT HIM
SOME SLACK SOMETIMES.
So, meeting girls is hard.
ATTENTION,
FACULTY AND STUDENTS.
I HAVE AN IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
TO MAKE REGARDING SCHOOL POLICY.
DUE TO SOME
RECENTLY DISCOVERED ABUSES,
NEPTUNE HIGH WILL NO LONGER
BE HONORING SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS
OR EXTENSIONS
FOR SECTION 1123 STUDENTS.
[ SIGHS ]
Mr. Wu: VERONICA.
VERONICA!
DO YOU WANT TO SOLVE
THIS PROBLEM,
OR DO YOU WANT TO SLEEP?
HOW DID YOU GET HOME
THE DAY OF THE CRASH?
WEEVIL?
HEY, DON'T YOU THINK
THAT'S WEIRD?
THE BOMB DIDN'T KILL US.
IT KILLED THE DRIVER,
PROBABLY,
BUT IT WAS A LONG DROP
OFF THE CLIFF,
AND CRASHING ONTO THE ROCKS
THAT GOT THE REST OF US.
FYI --
I MADE IT THROUGH THAT.
I GOT TO DROWN.
SAY A PERSON WANTS TO
JUST TAKE OUT THE BUS DRIVER.
THEY COULD DO IT HERE,
HERE, HERE,
BASICALLY ANYWHERE
ALONG THE WAY.
BUT TO GET THE WHOLE BUS,
THEY'D HAVE TO KNOW WHEN
IT WAS APPROACHING A CLIFF.
THEY'D HAVE TO
BE CLOSE ENOUGH
TO SEE EXACTLY
WHERE WE WERE.
HEY, LOOK.
HE'S BALD.
YOU THINK IT WAS WEEVIL?
I AM GOD.
WHAT?
*IAMGOD*
Marcos: And that's our show,
pirates and pi-ladies.
You've been listening
to "Ahoy, Mateys!"
This is Cap'n Krunk...
Vincent:
And Imitation Crab...
Signing off saying...
Together: Arr!
[ SIGHS ]
SO, THAT'S IT?
THE TOM BSTONE ARTWORK
WAS AN ALBUM COVER?
AND ROSEBUD
WAS JUST A SLED.
I DIDN'T JUST RUIN
"CITIZEN KANE" FOR YOU, DID I?
NO, NO.
GOOD.
SO, ARE WE DONE?
WELL, THAT DEPENDS.
DO YOU THINK YOU'RE THROUGH
BEING HAUNTED?
[ SIGHS ]
I BETTER BE.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
I WAS THINKING ABOUT
THE GREAT ADVICE I GAVE YOU
ABOUT FOLLOWING THE MONEY.
THE MONEY WASN'T ON
THE BUS.
THE RICH KIDS WERE BEHIND,
DRIVING IN THE LIMO.
SO MAYBE WHOEVER
CRASHED THE BUS
WAS COUNTING ON THEM
BEING ON IT.
RICHARD CASABLANCAS
TOOK AN INSURANCE POLICY OUT
ON HIS SONS
THREE DAYS
AFTER MARRYING KENDALL.
DICK AND BEAVER
ARE WORTH MORE DEAD
THAN THEY ARE ALIVE.
KIND OF DISAPPOINTING,
HUH?
NOT A SUICIDE THING.
JUST A SONG I LIKED.
THAT BRINGS US BACK
TO YOU.
TO ME?
IT WAS A FUN EXERCISE, PROBABLY
COMFORTING FOR A WHILE,
THINKING IT'S
SOMEONE ELSE'S FAULT.
BUT IT'S NOT, IS IT?
WE DIED BECAUSE OF YOU.
OOH, WHAT DO YOU THINK
THIS MEANS, VERONICA?
THINK I GOT WHAT IT TAKES
FOR ART SCHOOL?
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
IT'S FOR YOU.
WHERE ARE YOU, LOSER?
[ RINGING CONTINUES ]